1. Where does Julia Cartwright work?
Julia Cartwright works at National Instruments.

2. What is PREEMPT_RT? Hint:Google it.
PREEMPT_RT is a real-time version of Linux that removes unbounded latencies; it can provide a  
smoother Linux experience by modifying the kernel.

3. What is mixed criticality? 
Mixed criticality is defined as the case when different tasks have different temporal 
sensitivities. Essentially, mixed criticality is when some tasks are time-critical at the 
same time that some are not. 

4. How can drivers misbehave? 
Drivers can misbehave when non-RT tasks are scheduled before RT tasks. This happens because
driver stacks are shared between tasks in PREEMPT_RT, which can lead to scheduling issues.

5. What is (delta) in Figure 1? 
Delta is the time it takes for a real-time task to be executed after an external event has 
taken place. 

6. What is Cylictest[2]?
Cyclictest is a test for measuring the latency between an event and a task by measuring a
timestamp, sleeping, then measuring another timestamp to measure the difference delta. 

7. What is plotted in Figure 2? 
Figure 2 shows a cyclictest histogram that illustrates the difference between preempt and 
preempt_rt. Note the delta showing longer latency for normal preempt as opposed to 
preempt_rt.

8. What is dispatch latency? Scheduling latency?
Dispatch latency is how long the system takes in between being told to run a thread and a
events's actual execution. Scheduling latency is the amount of time it takes for for a 
task to be executed by the CPU once the scheduler is made aware of a task. 

9. What is mainline? 
Mainline is a model that is characterized by its long interrupts that cause dispatch 
latencies.

10. What is keeping the External event in Figure 3 from starting?
The External event in Figure 3 is not starting because the non-critical interrupt must 
finish its execution before it can begin. 

11. Why can the External event in Figure 4 start sooner?
The External event in Figure 4 can start sooner because IRQ threads are forced, which 
means that the the threads can be preempted due to the small amount of code.
